Morning. This is Dr groves.
In California Pacific Standard Time. During some histories and physicals
These are all from Donna can be health center.
For substance use disorder, they'll be a pure dependence in the mission.
Pre ban.
Will be administered. I guess by that and take people
Based on the expert, whether it be in the risk of type of scores, you can pull in and
Maybe peers report and appropriate
Nicholas goddess. First, although he got confused and went to the clinic in person. So maybe a little late.
His Date of Birth is
At
Galaxy S8+: 188 though. Three years later, I went to Methadone clinic in Portland. And that's when I tried to stop for the first time, you know, three years in and I didn't like it.
Galaxy S8+: And then I was on methadone.
Galaxy S8+: Which really worked for about
Galaxy S8+: all the way till
Galaxy S8+: 2000
Galaxy S8+: It was pretty steady I'd stayed in the dedicated to the clinic.
Galaxy S8+: For, you know, eight years.
Katrina Groves: Wow. Every day going in every day. Well,
Galaxy S8+: What so you graduate.
Galaxy S8+: Yeah. So once I showed him that I was going to be clean and I was dedicated the program about three months in
Galaxy S8+: They start giving you take homes and they trust you more and more with the take homes until you get all the way up to a month worth and you just go in. Once a month.
Wow.
Galaxy S8+: Yeah, and
Galaxy S8+: They just give you a prescription. They give it all to you right there in the clinic, you have to go pharmacy or anything like that. They give you the liquid. All right there in the clinic and
Galaxy S8+: They do random with you, random us or random bottle checks and they so they say you know you can't be doing anything with it, except for taking it.
Galaxy S8+: Yeah.
Galaxy S8+: And then when that failed is when I moved down here because I moved away from the clinic. Then there was no methadone here. I didn't know that. And
Katrina Groves: So you mean when it failed. You mean you made a decision to, hey, I'm going to move. Why did you make that decision.
Um,
Galaxy S8+: There was a lot of things that happened. We were going to get a house up there and that didn't work out. And then my mom lives here. And so she said, well, you guys can come down here.
Galaxy S8+: You know, save some money until you guys can go back and
Galaxy S8+: Try again for another house.
Galaxy S8+: There was a lot of things that happened back then with the house and stuff that we were trying to get. And so when I moved down here. I moved away from the Methadone clinic and that's when I felt
Galaxy S8+: Since it's really hard to come off the Methadone
Galaxy S8+: And that's when I went to heroin and that was 2016
Galaxy S8+: Wow yeah and and then it was just all bad. From there, because it wasn't just heroin because you get into the party scene again and it was
Galaxy S8+: Yeah, whatever they had. And then it was just bad. And then it became homeless and it was a train wreck. It was a really, really, really bad time for me here.
Galaxy S8+: Until I finally found this place.
Galaxy S8+: With the Suboxone and all that and I
Katrina Groves: Actually was humble. Humble first year at me. Yeah.
Galaxy S8+: Well, I found this place. First, but I could never make it in here because I was homeless and then I was embarrassed to come in because I was dirty and you know I didn't. I was just, yeah, it was just really hard to get here and I had some really bad medical issues I
Galaxy S8+: I had been through a fire someone tried to kill me in my shop and
Galaxy S8+: And that's when
Galaxy S8+: Naomi and Jennifer from CPS when I was going in for visit. They told me they had like an intervention with me and they told me I had to go to humble to save my life and that's when I did it. And so, Naomi drove me all the way down there to waterfront.
Galaxy S8+: And admitted me in there and I went through their program and then graduated and came back here and I could finally dedicate myself to this boxing program here and I did.
Katrina Groves: And so you were clean. I think around. I don't remember.
Katrina Groves: What one was your clean data and humble.
Galaxy S8+: It's December 21 2018
Katrina Groves: Nice.
Galaxy S8+: And I've been clean ever since.
Katrina Groves: That's great.
Yeah.
Galaxy S8+: Yeah.
Katrina Groves: That's a lot to go through. Yeah. Um, do you feel like the Suboxone works as well as the methadone or you like it better or worse or the same
Galaxy S8+: Um, so with the with the Methadone
Galaxy S8+: It would still get me high
Galaxy S8+: So I would say the Suboxone is better because it's not like that with the Suboxone
Galaxy S8+: So they they both have pros and cons. I think in the end the probably the same, I would say I would probably say the same.
Katrina Groves: What's the cons for you.
Katrina Groves: The downside of the Suboxone what what's the downside.
Galaxy S8+: Just don't have to take it all the time. Right. No, so
Galaxy S8+: It reminds me of, you know, having to depend on something. Exactly. I'd like to not have anything I want to get to the point where I don't have to have it. Of course, I mean, I'm sure everybody says, I
Katrina Groves: Know, not everybody does say that
Katrina Groves: Oh really now.
Katrina Groves: Many people just want to stay on it for the rest of their lives so
Katrina Groves: That's, that's a good thought you we've talked maybe before about some blockade.
Katrina Groves: The shot. So at least that would take it away from the hand to mouth everyday thing and you can kind of get it out of your head, you know, once a month shot is so much better than
Katrina Groves: And it's not for people that have just started you know most Pete, you have to go through taking Suboxone for a while, till you're stable and then the shot really can help.
Galaxy S8+: Okay, so
Katrina Groves: We can think about that. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: And it doesn't. And you can always take her down and off of that too. Okay.
Katrina Groves: So, um, any other substances that you're
Katrina Groves: You were using before you told me a lot of them. But what did I marijuana to use marijuana
No.
Galaxy S8+: No, I, of course, have tried it and I've just had bad experiences with it and so
Galaxy S8+: an anxiety attack, stuff like that. It's not for me.
Katrina Groves: Okay, good. And Benz's value. Okay.
Galaxy S8+: No, I mean, like I said, Of course I've tried them but
Galaxy S8+: All it would do is making me go to sleep and then I couldn't do it couldn't go to work. I couldn't, I couldn't function.
Galaxy S8+: And I can't imagine
Galaxy S8+: why anybody would want to do that all the time. You know, I mean, you can
Katrina Groves: brands are different.
Galaxy S8+: Right so i mean i i like to stay active, productive, I have goals I have ambitions, I have things that that kills
Galaxy S8+: And yeah, not for me.
Katrina Groves: Great. And so, you are still taking the Suboxone three times a day.
Galaxy S8+: Yes, right.
Katrina Groves: And any other medication that you're taking right now for any medical problems. No.
Katrina Groves: You don't have thyroid problems or diabetes or
Katrina Groves: And allergies to any medicine.
Galaxy S8+: You were through my son. When I was a kid I broke out in hives. Okay.
Katrina Groves: I've got your other computer from the clinic on my left. So that's why I'm
Oh, yeah.
Galaxy S8+: That's cool.
Katrina Groves: And you're so any family. Oh, I got family history here, but you don't know a lot about your family. Your mom, your mom still alive. Yeah.
Yeah.
Galaxy S8+: And she's a
Galaxy S8+: Her my dad are both hardcore alcoholics.
Galaxy S8+: And
Galaxy S8+: My dad that's as far as it goes. But my mom, not so much. We've even used together so it's
Galaxy S8+: And that's why I stay away from her now.
Galaxy S8+: But we have a rocky relationship because I think that the drugs have really changed through personality.
Galaxy S8+: And and a lot for the worst. It's really sad.
Galaxy S8+: I barely know or not.
Katrina Groves: Have a son who
Katrina Groves: Will not have to see his father, go through what you had to see your parents go through
Galaxy S8+: Right. Yeah, exactly.
Galaxy S8+: So I don't like drinking. So it's definitely going to be different.
Katrina Groves: Or drugs, you know, you're, you're breaking the cycle.
Galaxy S8+: Oh yeah, definitely.
Katrina Groves: So any high blood pressure or heart disease and your family or strokes.
Galaxy S8+: Not that I know. I know there's been some cancers.
Galaxy S8+: But what kind of colon cancer. My grandfather breast cancer with my grandmother sister.
Galaxy S8+: And that's all I really, that's all I really know about
Galaxy S8+: Yeah, my grandmother is really healthy
Galaxy S8+: And your, your
Katrina Groves: Your grandparents on your dad side or alcoholics as well.
Galaxy S8+: They're both dead. Yes, they were. Okay. Yeah, they both they both passed.
Katrina Groves: It looks like depression runs in the family. But now, like schizophrenia or
Katrina Groves: Any other and so has bipolar.
Galaxy S8+: I think my mom is because it's drug induced right but other than that, no, um,
Katrina Groves: Any siblings, Nick.
Galaxy S8+: I have a half sibling. Yep.
Galaxy S8+: Now,
Katrina Groves: Alive and well or
Galaxy S8+: Any medical issues.
Galaxy S8+: No. None that I know of.
Katrina Groves: And then you are living currently with your, what do you color.
Galaxy S8+: I don't live with anybody.
Katrina Groves: You're, you're not living with anyone right now. Where were you living
Galaxy S8+: Okay, yep.
Katrina Groves: Do you have a house. Do you have an apartment.
Galaxy S8+: I have a house.
Katrina Groves: And you have a partner.
Galaxy S8+: I know. I mean, Jillian. If you yeah I mean, but we don't live together. I don't know if that qualifies. But yeah, I mean, Jillian Yeah.
Katrina Groves: I mean just someone in your life that you're able to
Katrina Groves: Connect with them.
Yeah.
Galaxy S8+: Yeah, definitely.
Katrina Groves: And so are you working right now.
Katrina Groves: Yes. And where are you working
Galaxy S8+: At talk about
Katrina Groves: And how's it going
Galaxy S8+: It's going really good
Galaxy S8+: Yeah, it's going. Very good. I've been there since August last year.
Katrina Groves: Have you ever been promoted or
Galaxy S8+: Um, they they're talking about it. But then all this
Galaxy S8+: Oh yeah, minimum wage changed.
Galaxy S8+: They actually demoted. Some people. So, of course, that got taken out of the loop or put to the side for a while, but now they're talking about it again.
Galaxy S8+: And I don't know if I wanted, if I want to do it or not. I mean, it's not that much money and I'm be taken on a lot more work so
Galaxy S8+: I don't know if the, I don't know if the pros outweigh the cons on that one. So I'm really, I'm thinking about it I but then again, I think it would be nice to have some more management under my belt, I guess, while I'm there.
Katrina Groves: You know, so what are your goals. You talked about you had goals and dreams and stuff. What are your long term goals.
Galaxy S8+: So I've been
Galaxy S8+: I've been working on my credit really really kind of hardcore. I got a couple of credit cards.
Galaxy S8+: Cool. And yeah, and I've been
Galaxy S8+: Buying car parts for okay so that's one of my dreams.
Katrina Groves: That
Galaxy S8+: You have it so.
Galaxy S8+: In fact, that's where I just was I got a new door for it that came in mail yesterday.
Galaxy S8+: So that's a big one. I'm spending like a lot of my free cash on that.
Galaxy S8+: To get up and going. So that's a big one.
Galaxy S8+: Let's see. I want to get my credit going
Galaxy S8+: I want to get into a bigger house and where I'm at. So that Jillian can move back in with me and Callum
Galaxy S8+: My son and
Galaxy S8+: So that's another big one and then
Galaxy S8+: So Job thing is good right now because I'm on probation.
Galaxy S8+: And
Galaxy S8+: I'm kind of locked in with with my groups and things I'm doing for probation and then Suboxone and everything's kind of localized right here in town. And so I want to keep it.
Galaxy S8+: Keep it simple and that that job. It doesn't require too much of me just my time.
Galaxy S8+: It really easy.
Galaxy S8+: Yeah, so it's it's really kind of stress free
Galaxy S8+: And I've got myself in a place where everything is just kind of easy going for me, you know, to start off with this whole sobriety thing and everything. I don't want to stress myself out to Ben.
Katrina Groves: Sounds very, very wise.
Galaxy S8+: Right.
Galaxy S8+: Inside
Galaxy S8+: And so I don't talk to like anybody anymore. And if I do, it's just new clean sober people
Galaxy S8+: Most of the time it's just people that have never even experienced that side of life. You know what I mean.
Galaxy S8+: And that way you're not talking about the old things or things that you don't want to be involved in
Galaxy S8+: It's just a refreshing, uh, you know, oh, let's go work on this Mars today. Oh, let's play some video games or, oh, let's go, let's go get a burger and talk about girls or you know what I mean, something like that. Like, like how it used to be.
Katrina Groves: Right.
Galaxy S8+: So it's really nice, you know,
Katrina Groves: Nice.
Galaxy S8+: Really reminded of it.
Katrina Groves: Okay. And so now we go, I want to go to a part where we do review systems, where can I go head to toe. I hope you're not freezing out there.
Don't know.
Galaxy S8+: Your local but it's all right. The sun's out so
Katrina Groves: One question I had first was any what legal problems do you have leftover you're on probation for what what happened.
So,
Galaxy S8+: Yeah, so the I was parked and I passed out from using the night before and I was actually living in the car with Jillian and my son.
Galaxy S8+: In this big truck thing and
Galaxy S8+: We were interest area and the cops had
Galaxy S8+: Pulled up to me to check on us, or whatever, and they caught me with heroin on me and stuff. And so the charge me with child endangerment because I had to heroin on me.
Galaxy S8+: And he was in the car, you know, there were sleeping in the back. And so
Galaxy S8+: That's what they charged me with but they lowered everything down.
Galaxy S8+: They even took the drug charges off.
Galaxy S8+: And they said if I go through a
Galaxy S8+: Probation and and I proved myself. You know what I mean. I had like goals that had to me. I met them all.
Galaxy S8+: And so they they promised they would take the drug charges off until that wouldn't linger.
Galaxy S8+: And, you know, hold me back from anything. And so I just had the child endangerment. That's it.
Galaxy S8+: That's all I had grain water.
Katrina Groves: How much longer. I'm cremation.
Galaxy S8+: So the initial was four years.
Galaxy S8+: Right, but
Galaxy S8+: They told me if I do everything right, which I have been then I'm eligible in 18 months to get the early release. So that's coming up really soon. And so I'm looking forward to that.
Katrina Groves: Wow, it's a good idea. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: It sounds to me like when you decide to make your mind up about something, you kind of do it 100%
Galaxy S8+: Yeah, especially if I'm passionate about it, you know, in, and this is something I'm really passionate about a lot of things involved with with. Yeah, definitely.
Galaxy S8+: Yeah.
Katrina Groves: You get and you get your feelings back to, which is a blessing and a curse. Sometimes I mean, are you still bombarded by your, your emotions. No.
Galaxy S8+: No, that's long path.
Good. Yep.
Katrina Groves: And then, were there any hospitalizations, you had for overdose or suicide or anything.
No.
Galaxy S8+: No, and any surgeries, you
Had Nope.
Katrina Groves: No tonsils, nothing.
Galaxy S8+: No, just my my wisdom teeth. But I don't think that really qualifies. I mean, that was, you know, okay, they had to get an impacted was in 2000 but that's where it all started. But I don't think it
Katrina Groves: Was not crazy.
Katrina Groves: Yeah, so
Galaxy S8+: The drugs are super powerful. And I think it's really underestimated the way they prescribe them.
Galaxy S8+: Yeah, I mean,
Galaxy S8+: I could have been just fine with my growth and I'm sure
Katrina Groves: Wow. I mean, the odds are you would have come across it at some point, but maybe not.
Katrina Groves: You're right.
Galaxy S8+: I mean, I did. I came across it all the time, but I would just, I would just either say no or avoid those people that were in my life, you know,
Katrina Groves: So, so how are you, is your the past week or so have you had any Fevers or chills.
Katrina Groves: No, no. Night sweats, or trouble with being tired all the time you know any weight gain or loss that you're worried about
Katrina Groves: Signs of diabetes like peeing all the time are hungry all the time. No.
Katrina Groves: And any trouble with your vision blurry vision double vision know any redness or pain or tearing in your eyes. No.
Katrina Groves: Trouble with your hearing or pain in your ears are drainage. No.
Katrina Groves: nose, throat problems allergies sores on your mouth. No.
Katrina Groves: nosebleeds.
Katrina Groves: No trouble with swallowing know
Katrina Groves: As your dental now.
Galaxy S8+: I'm so, so I bought all this stuff and I studied on how to do it all myself.
Katrina Groves: Oh, that's right. Tony told me that that's pretty cool.
Galaxy S8+: And so I made this partial
Galaxy S8+: That's amazing. I made it. Yeah. Um, and I also did Jillian's dental work.
Galaxy S8+: And I'm supposed to do. Shannon's but um so yeah I have I have all this stuff that the dentist would use.
Katrina Groves: You know business on the side. Dude, you need to charge
Galaxy S8+: I know that's, yeah.
Galaxy S8+: I was thinking about that.
Katrina Groves: I mean, just start out like 10
Katrina Groves: Bucks or, you know, you gotta have your money for making all the time and the
Galaxy S8+: Right, that's kind of great. Yeah. So yeah, I got into that and
Galaxy S8+: Yeah, that's that's been kind of fun. And I really needed this is this was really bad. And it got my confidence back. You know what I mean. So
Katrina Groves: All right. So on your neck any trouble with pain or stiffness in your neck.
Katrina Groves: Or the lamps in your neck. No.
Katrina Groves: Trouble with breathing shortness of breath. COUGH wheezing.
Galaxy S8+: Nothing out of the normal like cuz I've been out in the weather like
Galaxy S8+: You know my sister's wedding and stuff because it's so cold out, but that's
Galaxy S8+: That's normal. Yeah, I mean that's that's weather induce the, I don't have anything beyond that.
Katrina Groves: Um, any chest pain or chest pressure or heart palpitations.
Galaxy S8+: I'm know like sometimes I think I'm a hypochondriac.
Galaxy S8+: So because like I think I asked my doctor before if the occasional like
Galaxy S8+: Heart like skip or miss. Or you know what i mean it's letters sometimes like
Galaxy S8+: Once in a great, great while but I still, you know, if you don't know then that can freak you out. You know what I mean in
Galaxy S8+: A heartbeat like
Galaxy S8+: You know, thousands, hundreds of thousands of times. I mean, they're just sometimes in in their muscle like anything in the body and sometimes they have twitches and stuff so
Katrina Groves: Think of it like a spark plug in a car.
Galaxy S8+: Right.
Katrina Groves: It just kind of misses once a while right okay it happens to everybody. The more caffeine you drink the worse.
Katrina Groves: I think the caffeine makes it worse. Yeah.
Galaxy S8+: And I do drink caffeine not hardcore and you have like I just had a coffee just known so so yeah I'm sure that contributes to it.
Katrina Groves: But it doesn't sound like you have heart problems like you don't have swelling in your legs. You don't have to wake up at night like not been able to breathe.
Galaxy S8+: No.
Katrina Groves: You don't get short of breath when you're trying to just do normal activities so
Galaxy S8+: You know I ride my bike every day. So, I mean, I think I keep up on that. Good.
Katrina Groves: And anything with your skin. Do you have dry skin dry nails and he rashes, or
itchiness.
Katrina Groves: Any weird malls, no.
Katrina Groves: Weird is not a medical term isn't
Katrina Groves: Any stomach problems. A lot of times Suboxone causes constipation.
Galaxy S8+: No, no, not really. You
Katrina Groves: Know, abdominal pain or nausea or vomiting.
Katrina Groves: Nope. Okay and trouble with urination and the difficulty going pee, you're a bit young to have a prostate problem.
But I always track. Nope, okay.
Katrina Groves: And you don't have any problems with your muscles as far as weakness cramps pain.
Galaxy S8+: Notice, no good.
Katrina Groves: Any trouble with vertigo or dizziness.
Galaxy S8+: Fainting
Katrina Groves: Know tremor, you don't get migraine headaches.
No.
Galaxy S8+: Thank God. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: And then you haven't had trouble recently with depression or anxiety since your
Galaxy S8+: Life is going better. No, I mean I wouldn't say anything above the normal stuff you know i mean i mean i worry but that's, you have to worry or if you're not going to get stuff done. You know, so nothing nothing out of the normal
Katrina Groves: How about your sleep. Are you able to sleep, even though you have those worries or thoughts. Oh.
Galaxy S8+: God I drop like a rock.
Galaxy S8+: Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Tiring yourself out.
Galaxy S8+: Yeah, exactly.
Katrina Groves: Oh am immunizations. I don't know if you get any vaccines do you get the flu shot or
Galaxy S8+: No, no, I don't. I, I just got my fitness, though.
Galaxy S8+: Recommended it last.
Galaxy S8+: It was last summer or right right as fall started. She asked me when the last time I got my tetanus in it. Coincidentally, had been exactly 10 years. So wow okay I got the tetanus shot at
Katrina Groves: That one hurts.
Galaxy S8+: Yeah, yeah, it was, it was really painful for like a week.
Katrina Groves: So did you have any other bloodwork done yet for bright heart or where are you at with that.
Galaxy S8+: No, I just started with it.
Galaxy S8+: Okay. I barely have had like two little one on ones with them like this.
Katrina Groves: Right.
Galaxy S8+: And that was it. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Okay, I don't, I don't know what the I'm kind of new to this myself. So I know at some point they're going to want you to get blood work at the clinic.
Galaxy S8+: Right, okay.
Katrina Groves: You may want to call or ask them how to do that. And they also going to send you a urine cup in the mail.
Galaxy S8+: Okay.
Katrina Groves: Did they talk about that at all. Nope. So when they send you one. You don't want to open it right there. You want to just give them a call when it's convenient for you and say, hey, I want to do my pee test.
Katrina Groves: And then they'll actually walk you through it and tell you how to do it and you'll look at it together on the screen, or excuse me, or take a picture or something.
Galaxy S8+: It's kind of weird, but
Galaxy S8+: It's going to
Galaxy S8+: Set up
Katrina Groves: You still go to Tony's group.
Galaxy S8+: Yes, I do.
Katrina Groves: Great. And what what days do you go
Galaxy S8+: Well, I mean,
Galaxy S8+: Yeah, they've had a close this week. So, this week I didn't go my normal time. I usually go on Tuesday and Thursday morning at nine.
Katrina Groves: Okay, so, because we don't know what's happening with the virus stuff. I think they're, you know, the clinic is probably gonna do
Katrina Groves: Telemedicine like this. So I think Monday. She might be having a group and then I'm going to do them here on bright heart on Thursday at 10 so
Katrina Groves: Between those two yeah please keep in touch with Tony. She's awesome. And you can do both, you know, the more recovery visits. You want to get them, you're welcome to have them. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: I probably don't need to see about once a month because you're so stable okay um
Galaxy S8+: So yeah, graduating graduating. Speaking of that, so
Galaxy S8+: I forgot to tell you, like, I'm really excited about it. The, the CPS thing that we had the CPS case.
Galaxy S8+: Yes. Our son got taken and he was in foster care for almost three years. So it's for us to get our lives back in order and everything, or to see if we were going to do that. And we're we're graduating
Galaxy S8+: My class.
Galaxy S8+: We just had our last CF team meeting and we're graduating. Like, I think it's like April, the first week of April. We're totally off the any of that.
Katrina Groves: Oh my gosh. That's like not even two weeks.
Galaxy S8+: Right. And so, yeah, that's something I'm really, I'm really happy about. I'm really because I used to have the UAE randomly I in fact yesterday, I just went in for another random you you're calling for your color and they go, if it's your color, you know,
Galaxy S8+: Like every day you have to do every weekday. You have to do it. And so that's going to be nice, not, not to do one of the three ways. I have to do every week.
Exactly.
Galaxy S8+: Yep.
Katrina Groves: So nice to get that off your back. You guys earned it. You've been working really hard towards this and
Katrina Groves: It's amazing that you all were able to do it. That's pretty rare. Usually, the more couples, we see, they don't either get back together. You know, if one of them gets the kid. The other one doesn't. I mean, that's very rare that you see a whole family intact so right that you should be
Katrina Groves: Very proud of that.
Galaxy S8+: It definitely wasn't easy and
Galaxy S8+: It was one of the hardest things to go through in recovery to go through what I went through with Julian, but I made it.
Galaxy S8+: I made it and and hopefully it makes us stronger and it doesn't make me a presenter. I'm hoping for that right now. Not there yet. And we're working on it together. We're talking a lot, and I think that's going to be the key is to talk through things
Katrina Groves: True. And the important thing is you got your son and your parenting hopefully well together.
Galaxy S8+: Yeah. Oh, definitely. That's one thing that that never faded like even, even if our relationship was diminishing
Galaxy S8+: We love our son, and then that's what that's what he's seen you didn't see any of the stuff he doesn't need to see, you know, going through. Yeah, I think he's completely oblivious to it.
Galaxy S8+: Absolutely.
Galaxy S8+: That's, that's great. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Alright, so your Suboxone when you do for refill again.
Galaxy S8+: I just got it. It's every month on the 14th and I just got it.
Galaxy S8+: A few days ago.
Katrina Groves: Okay, so if I can make, how is which is better for you. I'm
Katrina Groves: Doing a Monday night, so I have two groups.
Katrina Groves: Monday night at 545 or
Galaxy S8+: 5:30pm until
Katrina Groves: 645 or Thursday I just said 10 o'clock.
Katrina Groves: What's easier for you.
Galaxy S8+: I'm so glad that you did you not have the Thursday before I'm going to walk into the sun, a little bit.
Galaxy S8+: I'm starting to get cold because I wasn't walking anymore. And I think that coming. There we go.
Galaxy S8+: Yeah, you
Galaxy S8+: Did you
Katrina Groves: Know I just started doing them.
Galaxy S8+: Oh it cuz I'm really glad because that's my days off. And I was thinking, Man, if she just has Mondays. I'm not gonna be able to do this. And yeah, so Thursday for sure because that's my my days off.
Katrina Groves: Wow, there's a little bit of an angel following you around. I think
Katrina Groves: So if we do the ninth and your prescription is do you said the 14
Galaxy S8+: Yes.
Katrina Groves: I know you don't have a calendar in front of you, but let me put you on Thursday. The 19th at
Katrina Groves: 10 o'clock, and I know if Tony has a group when the groups come back, you can always
Katrina Groves: You know, do that right before or you can just do Tony's group on Mondays, or whatever you want to do, or Tuesdays. Okay, but I'll, I'll put you down for Thursday's Thursday, April 9, is that going to work for you.
Galaxy S8+: That sounds great. All right, Nick.
Katrina Groves: And then I will get you your prescription that day and we'll go from there. Okay.
Galaxy S8+: Sounds good. Alrighty. I'll see if
Katrina Groves: There's anything else I messed
Katrina Groves: So, oh, do you need any Narcan
Galaxy S8+: I'm Mike just gave me some of the pharmacy. Okay, great. Yeah. So I have one. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Just keep it, you might be able to save somebody's life and help somebody get into recovery. So
Galaxy S8+: Right, right.
Katrina Groves: Okay, I think I'm done. I really appreciate your time and coming in and I look forward to seeing you. We have a different counselor, but she's awesome. Her name is Becca, and you'll get used to the system. There'll be like
Katrina Groves: Three or four or five of your friends up there that you know from group that depends on you know who comes but
Right.
Katrina Groves: Any questions for me.
Galaxy S8+: Um, I had some and now I can't think of any.
Galaxy S8+: Words that important. I know.
Galaxy S8+: We do.
Katrina Groves: The labs. We talked about the urine test.
Katrina Groves: You can still you know Tony can still reach out to me at any moment as far as like if you're having a problem. I'm kind of going between the two places right now so
Okay.
Katrina Groves: Alrighty. Well, I'll see you next month done and you'll be off CPS. Yep.
Katrina Groves: You have a wonderful day.
Galaxy S8+: Thank you.
Galaxy S8+: All right. Bye bye.
Katrina Groves: Okay, I'm so sorry. The first part, I keep forgetting to push record when they come on up. Alright, so the first part that you missed next started using drugs at age 25 and his first use was when he had his wisdom tooth pulled teeth and they gave him bacon.
Katrina Groves: And he had never had any drugs before us actually a pretty
Katrina Groves: Clean kid. He didn't want anything to do with drugs or the drink alcohol. A couple times when he is 21 but he never got wasted. So his first experience was actually a from a dentist, unfortunately.
Katrina Groves: And you know, we didn't know could have given him ibuprofen, but he went from bike it in and started using it made me feel so good, he decided he wanted more. And then he
Katrina Groves: Graduated to Percocet and Oxycodone oxy cotton was getting it from his friends, and then they would have parties, so he just started partying with everybody. And then people, of course, bring things to parties cocaine methamphetamines
Katrina Groves: All other drugs. So he got into a pretty harsh for about three years. And then realized he didn't like it anymore. And I think that's the part that you picked up on where he at age 28 he went to a methadone clinic up in Portland in was 2016 I believe no
No.
Katrina Groves: Right, anyway.
Katrina Groves: He went to a methadone clinic and he
Katrina Groves: Maybe that's when he graduated in 2016 but he was 28 and he dedicated himself to that clinic for eight years.
Katrina Groves: Was taking methadone daily and then after
Katrina Groves: Three months he got to start taking take home meds and and he was in that program for eight years.
Katrina Groves: And I think you heard the rest so sorry about that. There's no suicidal ideation.
Katrina Groves: So his diagnosis is opioid dependence severe in
Katrina Groves: Remission
Katrina Groves: He does not use other substances at all.
Katrina Groves: Doesn't like issues.
Katrina Groves: And I think you got day if you can put on Slack for me please, that he's going to be my first patient on Thursday, April 9
Need a prescription at that time.
Katrina Groves: Okay, thank you.
Joseph Ramos: Hey,
Joseph Ramos: Hi, Joey.
Katrina Groves: I see you, I see you, I see your name, but not your face. Do you have a video or do you want me to
Joseph Ramos: Oh, yeah.
Joseph Ramos: Let's see here. Oh, start video
Joseph Ramos: Got it. Okay, yeah, I'm in my car.
Katrina Groves: Okay, it's probably warmer in there.
Joseph Ramos: Yeah, it's I didn't want to wake my girlfriend, so
Joseph Ramos: Oh, nice. Yeah. I stayed up late last night and also work well. I work till 11 every night, but I usually drive to get up so
Joseph Ramos: So I end up staying up pretty late.
Katrina Groves: I used to work in up at the mill.
Katrina Groves: Yes. Wow. How many, how long has that been for you.
Joseph Ramos: A year and a month.
Joseph Ramos: Yeah, I remember. I remember when I was telling you I got the job. So
Katrina Groves: He looked mean and lean
Katrina Groves: Are you okay
Katrina Groves: Is it exhausting.
Joseph Ramos: It's pretty exhausting. Yeah, I'm used to it at this point, though, I think, what's the overtime. The 12 hour shifts,
Katrina Groves: So what you do with your money.
Joseph Ramos: Uh, well,
Joseph Ramos: I got a lot of bills.
Joseph Ramos: Got a lot of bills, pretty much.
Katrina Groves: Sometimes, the reason I ask is, when people start getting money again, it makes some kind of like it's almost a trigger. Like, wow. If before. If I had this money I could buy this much no dope. So
Joseph Ramos: Oh yeah, I don't know, since I
Joseph Ramos: Was already kind of conditioned to taking Suboxone and I really haven't you know it's math every now and then for me like that gets me
Joseph Ramos: Yeah, that's my
Joseph Ramos: That's the hook for me sometimes. But money now is I'm just used to it and used to it kind of goes all the time. It's, it's weird. Yeah, I wouldn't have imagined it would be this way. But, you know,
Joseph Ramos: But yeah
Katrina Groves: So this part is like a history and like I
Katrina Groves: Am a new doctor, even though I'm not. It's a new place. So I have to kind of go through your whole medical history and drug use history all over again. So it may take us about a half hour depends how how fast it is.
Joseph Ramos: Okay.
Katrina Groves: So how old were you when you began using drugs, the very first time I mean that as you can remember, was it alcohol was it pot was and what age.
Joseph Ramos: Alcohol.
Joseph Ramos: 12 years old.
Joseph Ramos: But, you know, that was only a couple times really
Joseph Ramos: When I I guess it was we'd like it 14 that was, that was the steady thing.
Joseph Ramos: But I just I just did that to be accepted, really. I didn't
Joseph Ramos: Like the feeling it gave me. Well, I mean, after a while, I did but
Joseph Ramos: A lot of anxiety involved.
Katrina Groves: Social anxiety.
Joseph Ramos: Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Peer pressure
Joseph Ramos: Yep, yep. And just the anxiety that the weed gives you. Okay.
Katrina Groves: And so then when did you progress to after that.
Joseph Ramos: When I was 21 is when I got injured.
Joseph Ramos: For my back snowboard.
Katrina Groves: What was it again.
Joseph Ramos: I fell, and I was snowboarding, and I, I got the herniated disc doing that so
Katrina Groves: So,
Joseph Ramos: Yeah.
Joseph Ramos: So I got prescribed a Percocet and yesterday to be using those, but it didn't help at the time that I was already using opiates and like them, but I was using them every now and then kind of recreationally
Katrina Groves: So what age were you doing that sometime between 14 and 20 when you started using opioids on the street or hard
Joseph Ramos: Or just probably at
Joseph Ramos: I was starting to use opiates.
Katrina Groves: Okay.
Joseph Ramos: Well, I didn't start too late. Yeah. So yeah, it was after the injury and then it was on after that then it was everything.
Joseph Ramos: All opiates.
Joseph Ramos: So, and math every now and then.
Joseph Ramos: Oh yeah and then math was an everyday thing that's when I was homeless.
Joseph Ramos: You know, around 24 to
Joseph Ramos: 28 or so like I saw four years of
Joseph Ramos: Horrible.
Katrina Groves: Wow homeless for four years.
Joseph Ramos: No, not
Joseph Ramos: This season. A lot of it was homeless, though. Yeah, yeah.
Katrina Groves: Let's heroin involved at that time, Joe, you're
Joseph Ramos: A interestingly, not really, no.
Joseph Ramos: Heroin was
Joseph Ramos: Just for short periods of time. And then I would get off of that, like beyond methadone and then get off that. But then I would use the method to help me get off of that. And I'd be on that again. So it was kind of off and on.
Joseph Ramos: When
Katrina Groves: When was your first attempt to try to get clean or what happened.
Joseph Ramos: To those 2016
Katrina Groves: Okay.
Joseph Ramos: That's when I went to rehab. So that was like my first solid attempt
Katrina Groves: And did you go because you had to like, was it a legal thing or you just decided this
Joseph Ramos: No, actually I got lucky. My mom got some insurance out for me and
Joseph Ramos: In. Yeah. And then I went to Florida to rehab. So, and then now is my first rehab was six months.
Joseph Ramos: And then I kind of just bounced around after the
Katrina Groves: What do you mean by bounced around
Joseph Ramos: bounce around different rehabs and kind of just used up all the insurance and
Joseph Ramos: Yeah. And then in the garden Suboxone and that's actually what maintain me
Katrina Groves: And when did you get on the Suboxone
Joseph Ramos: Oh boy. Well, back in the day, I did it before I went to rehab. I was in programs. This one I was in the one in Humboldt County.
Joseph Ramos: That program. I was in that
Joseph Ramos: A couple years it was on the job and everything.
Joseph Ramos: Right, so I knew that would, that was something that in the back of my mind. Once I came back from Florida.
Joseph Ramos: And yeah, so
Katrina Groves: And then how did you end up you actually from Seattle, right. You were in Seattle, and then came down here. No.
Joseph Ramos: No, I, I, THAT WAS AFTER FLORIDA actually then I was in Arizona. God, it's such a long story.
Katrina Groves: I know it's so many states, you should have like little buttons every state, you know, gone.
Joseph Ramos: Yeah, yeah, it's been, I've just been moving my whole life. So it wasn't anything new. But the pace. I was doing it was pretty crazy moving here in their rehab.
Joseph Ramos: Even state run rehabs where I didn't have insurance.
Katrina Groves: Right.
Joseph Ramos: I was Arizona. I was in a state run. It was horrible because that's where all the conflicts, we're going and
Joseph Ramos: It's they didn't want it was Fuck OH is the kit shell for sure. Yeah, pardon my language and
Joseph Ramos: Yeah.
Joseph Ramos: And then see I actually, I was getting kicked out of a sober living
Joseph Ramos: Forget what
Joseph Ramos: For I wasn't paying my bill or something like that, because I was using
Joseph Ramos: Yeah. And then I went to Seattle.
Joseph Ramos: Yeah, where I got on Suboxone again.
Joseph Ramos: Was working drywall for a while, but that fell apart because my boss wasn't a
Joseph Ramos: paying me
Joseph Ramos: And then. Yeah. And then my mom was like, why don't you just come let you know because she knew I was pretty steady at that point.
Katrina Groves: So it's a long
Joseph Ramos: Time, you're
Sorry.
Joseph Ramos: Oh, I said, now I'm here.
Katrina Groves: What, what's the longest time you've had clean them. Do you think I'm in a row.
Joseph Ramos: Right. Oh, probably right now. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: And then spending a month.
Joseph Ramos: Yeah, yeah. It's been a while. Um,
Joseph Ramos: You know, I've used mess every now and then. So I guess that would be in the eyes of like a or any not clean but you know
Joseph Ramos: Well,
Katrina Groves: Yeah, exactly. I mean, you're so much better. You're not on the streets. You're not homeless, you have a job.
Joseph Ramos: Yeah, you
Joseph Ramos: Are that
Joseph Ramos: That just makes me appreciate it that much more so.
Katrina Groves: Yeah, I mean what you call that as more recreational use. I mean, the math. It's not like an everyday thing that you're addicted to. Yeah.
Joseph Ramos: I'm know
Joseph Ramos: That because I
Joseph Ramos: I know for a fact that ain't gonna happen again. Because when I use it. I just after a couple days. I'm like, oh, right, I gotta go to work and
Joseph Ramos: Too many things at stake. I got a girlfriend.
Joseph Ramos: And I just, I get sick of it after a couple days so
Joseph Ramos: You know, and I, I just, I didn't know for a fact that ain't gonna happen again.
Joseph Ramos: With the math anyway.
Katrina Groves: And that's good that you remember, you know, play the tape like Tony says play the tape and backwards and see where where it was.
Katrina Groves: So do you have any any legal issues, Joey, that you're working on. Are you not on probation. You're not anything from the past. You've all
Joseph Ramos: Nope.
Katrina Groves: Good.
Joseph Ramos: Hey. Did you see anything from the past.
Katrina Groves: Yeah, past legal issues that are fixed.
Joseph Ramos: Oh yeah, I have a felony grants theft. I spent a year in jail, actually I didn't tell you but yeah
Joseph Ramos: Well, a year in a year. In total, they gave me drug court but I failed that so they gave you my terminal.
Joseph Ramos: And then I spent
Joseph Ramos: A good amount of time and don't hurt county jail so
Katrina Groves: Some people. Some people are getting their felonies expunged. Is that something you thought about doing
Joseph Ramos: Yes, but I heard you have to get an attorney and
Joseph Ramos: Yeah, I just yeah I
Katrina Groves: On your list right now.
Joseph Ramos: No, not really because I'm employed and they don't really care about the
Joseph Ramos: Felony I told them about it so
Katrina Groves: That's nice. You're getting honest.
Joseph Ramos: Yeah. Yeah, but I didn't tell them I was in this program. So then again.
Joseph Ramos: You
Joseph Ramos: Feel is necessary at the time, so
Katrina Groves: Right. It's none of their business. It's a medical
Katrina Groves: Condition.
Joseph Ramos: So it's like diabetes, you
Katrina Groves: Don't have to tell your doctor. You're taking insulin. It's none of their business. I mean, your doctor. You don't have to tell your employer you're taking insulin or
Katrina Groves: thyroid medication. So I want to normalize it you know Suboxone is like any other medication you're taking for a chronic disease and other business. So maybe that takes some of the guilt away.
Joseph Ramos: Yeah, yeah. I didn't, I didn't really think of it that way.
Joseph Ramos: I didn't have, like, major guilt for from it but
Joseph Ramos: I was told, like you don't want to lie to your employer. I heard that recently. Like, you don't want to lie to them because then if they find out you're lucky, and then I'm like, well, yeah, like, kind of, it's none of their business is kind of what I thought so.
Katrina Groves: Right. I mean, they're allowed to drug test you. But they're not testing for Suboxone so
Joseph Ramos: When
Katrina Groves: So let me ask some family history Joey Is your mother's still alive.
Katrina Groves: Yes, and any kind of medical issues that she has high blood pressure.
Heart disease.
Katrina Groves: Stroke, strokes, diabetes, anything like that.
Joseph Ramos: Not that I can think of.
Katrina Groves: As she have substance use problems as well.
Joseph Ramos: No.
Katrina Groves: Okay, how about your dad still living.
Yes.
Katrina Groves: Any medical issues on him or substance use.
Katrina Groves: Know, really any siblings.
Joseph Ramos: Surprisingly, yeah.
Katrina Groves: And brothers and sisters, how are they alive and well, or
Joseph Ramos: Yes, one brother and sister.
Katrina Groves: And do they have any medical problems or substance use issues.
Joseph Ramos: Oh, what do you mean by medical problems.
Katrina Groves: Like so like diabetes or diabetes or high blood pressure or
Joseph Ramos: Stress. Actually I normally would say no. But my brother recently is had thyroid
Joseph Ramos: Thyroid problems. Okay.
Katrina Groves: So your, your community chart and I got two computers going at one time you this one in your other ones so
Katrina Groves: There was some depression marked with your mom and your brother. Is that still
Joseph Ramos: That all. Yeah, yeah, I suppose. Well, yeah.
Joseph Ramos: They take medication for it. So yeah.
Katrina Groves: Great. And have you ever needed any medication for depression or anxiety.
Joseph Ramos: Yeah, I still take Zoloft so okay
Katrina Groves: No, that's the other thing I was going to ask. So that's 100 milligrams, are you taking two a day.
Joseph Ramos: Nope, I'm just taking 100 now. I went down on it. So, okay.
Katrina Groves: And you also have asthma. It looks like.
Joseph Ramos: Yes.
And you have
Katrina Groves: A lifter and Advair disk or what are you taking now what you're what medications.
Joseph Ramos: A Advair now my insurance fund the covers it.
Joseph Ramos: Yeah yeah and
Joseph Ramos: Oh for asthma LB at all as well. Sometimes
Katrina Groves: Good. And do you still take singular
Joseph Ramos: No.
Joseph Ramos: Okay.
Katrina Groves: And then you have
Katrina Groves: Is it that Advair disk. I see in your chart. It's
Katrina Groves: I don't know if you know that is the 100 or the higher dose.
Joseph Ramos: I think it's the 250 okay
Katrina Groves: And do you still take quantity. And that was an old medication because you were going through withdrawals. We can probably take that off of there.
Joseph Ramos: Yeah, no, I don't take any more. Okay.
Katrina Groves: And then the Suboxone. How do you feel that is working for you right now.
Joseph Ramos: A really good
Katrina Groves: No cravings. Do you feel it gives you 24 hour coverage.
Yes.
Katrina Groves: And you're doing eight milligrams three a day.
Yes. Okay.
Katrina Groves: You're good with it under your tongue, you're not having any problems with nausea.
Joseph Ramos: No, no, not at this point.
Katrina Groves: So you've heard about this shot right the sunblock hate injection that's once a month Suboxone instead of having to take strips three times a day.
Joseph Ramos: Yeah, I'm not interested in
Okay.
Katrina Groves: Because you don't like shots or you're just happy with what you're doing.
Joseph Ramos: Happy with what I'm doing. It's a mental thing. So I think the shot. It would just be very
Katrina Groves: Weird
Joseph Ramos: Yeah, yeah. You just a mental thing.
Joseph Ramos: Okay, yeah.
Katrina Groves: It's not for everybody. It's like, you know, some people with diabetes. They need insulin. Other people need pill. So it's all very dependent on the individual.
Katrina Groves: Wanna
Joseph Ramos: Go. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: So do you still smoke cigarettes.
Joseph Ramos: No, I, babe.
Katrina Groves: Oh you babe.
Joseph Ramos: You were like, yeah, no.
Katrina Groves: Okay, I'll give you a medium. So it's the vapor. The vapor is a chemical that's gonna affect your asthma. But how much do you bake.
Katrina Groves: A lot. Okay, that's honest.
Does it bother your lunch.
Katrina Groves: Oh you froze. A second some big bear with me.
Katrina Groves: Are you there.
Katrina Groves: Did you freeze.
Katrina Groves: Oh dear.
Katrina Groves: Can you hear me.
Katrina Groves: I'm still here.
Bad connection.
Joseph Ramos: Bad connection.
Joseph Ramos: You want to call back
Joseph Ramos: There.
I see you
Katrina Groves: Oh dear.
Katrina Groves: I can see you walking around.
Katrina Groves: Are you there.
Katrina Groves: Can you hear me.
Joseph Ramos: Looks good on
Katrina Groves: Don't know why it's doing that. Just call back in
Katrina Groves: Call in again.
Joseph Ramos: It says
Katrina Groves: Call in again. I don't know if you can see
It.
Katrina Groves: Can you still hear me.
Joseph Ramos: Yes.
Katrina Groves: It's going in and out. If we lose you just try to call back again.
Joseph Ramos: Can you hear
Katrina Groves: I can hear often on
Joseph Ramos: Yeah, same here I, my phone's just go crazy. I really
Katrina Groves: Don't live don't live right now because I can hear you. Really good. So just stay where you're at.
Joseph Ramos: Yeah, I can hear you, too.
Katrina Groves: Okay, good. So we don't care about video. And have you ever been in the hospital for any reason, like an overdose or
Katrina Groves: Surgery.
Joseph Ramos: Uh, no.
No surgeries.
Joseph Ramos: We ever or
Katrina Groves: Yeah, in your past.
Joseph Ramos: Yeah, I've had a surgery in collarbone.
Katrina Groves: Okay, that was hand surgery.
Joseph Ramos: Yeah.
Joseph Ramos: I know, it's crazy.
Katrina Groves: So if, if we lose each other just call back
Joseph Ramos: Okay.
Katrina Groves: We're almost done.
Katrina Groves: We're almost done. Can you
Bear with me a minute.
Joseph Ramos: Yeah yeah
Joseph Ramos: Well,
Katrina Groves: Maybe that
Katrina Groves: someone's trying to call you.
Joseph Ramos: That's bright, I can't even turn off my phone to restart it. It's
Joseph Ramos: I can't anything was
Joseph Ramos: Turn it off.
Joseph Ramos: Can't even take the battery out
Katrina Groves: Okay, but I can hear you.
Joseph Ramos: So can you just is this thing almost over, or what
Katrina Groves: Yeah, almost. So real quick, do you have any Fevers or chills.
Joseph Ramos: Right now.
Katrina Groves: Yeah, the last week or so.
Joseph Ramos: Oh, no.
Katrina Groves: Any kind of daytime sleepiness.
Joseph Ramos: No.
Katrina Groves: Trouble urinating.
Katrina Groves: No any vision problems blurry vision double vision.
Joseph Ramos: Know,
Katrina Groves: Any hard of hearing your pain or ear drainage.
Katrina Groves: Any sores on your mouth, your lips your tongue.
Katrina Groves: No trouble swallowing. No.
Katrina Groves: Neck pain or stiffness
Katrina Groves: No breathing problems shortness of breath. COUGH wheezing.
Katrina Groves: Oh, you got your asthma. How about your heart. Any chest pain or pressure palpitations.
Katrina Groves: Abdominal pain, constipation, diarrhea, you said no.
Joseph Ramos: Yeah, no.
Katrina Groves: Um, any seizure problems fainting tremors headaches.
Katrina Groves: No. Okay. And then, when was your last Suboxone script. Do you need one.
Joseph Ramos: I need one around 40
Katrina Groves: Say that date. Again, please, Joey.
Joseph Ramos: The seventh is when I got it refilled.
Katrina Groves: The seventh of March.
Katrina Groves: 27 27th and
Joseph Ramos: Yeah.
Katrina Groves: So you'll be do this coming week
Next week,
Joseph Ramos: All right. And I don't know when you can write the script for but you know
Katrina Groves: Yeah, I can do it. Um, so I was trying to get people in group. What is your work. Like, could you be on
Katrina Groves: Could you come to group bright heart groups like Thursday at 10 o'clock or do you work.
Joseph Ramos: A 10am yeah I can do that.
Katrina Groves: So do you like Thursday mornings at 10 or do you prefer Monday nights at 530
Joseph Ramos: Um, oh wow I were Monday night, so we'll have to be Thursday 9am
Katrina Groves: Okay, so it'll only be once a month for a little bit. Um, you can still go to Tony's groups are you going to Tony's
Yes.
Katrina Groves: And I know the clinic is closed right now, but I think they're going to do telemedicine. I hope you can get your phone fixed on Mondays.
Katrina Groves: Yeah, alright. So, Joey. I'll put you down for the 26 at 10 o'clock, and then I can give you your prescription then. Okay.
Joseph Ramos: Okay, just at the clinic or
Katrina Groves: No, it'll be through bright heart. So what you do is do what you did today, you call it in. I don't
Katrina Groves: Come to okay I don't come to the clinic anymore so
Joseph Ramos: Okay, Okay, God,
Katrina Groves: Colon too bright heart about 945 and then they'll ask you a few questions and then you'll be in with me and a bunch of other people from group.
And a counselor.
Joseph Ramos: Or
Katrina Groves: Did you catch that. Or am I cutting out
Joseph Ramos: though. Yeah, I can hear you clearly
Joseph Ramos: I can see my phone, which is so bizarre.
I know
Katrina Groves: Well, hopefully you can get it fixed before so
Katrina Groves: This is
Joseph Ramos: This well this is brand problem. So I don't know what it is the
Joseph Ramos: Car what
Katrina Groves: I will fix your fix it.
Joseph Ramos: Yeah, I'm sure it'll be fine.
Katrina Groves: So any allergies to any medication that was the last thing I wanted to know.
Joseph Ramos: No.
Katrina Groves: All right, so you are good to go.
Katrina Groves: I will see you on Thursday. The 26 check in about quarter to 10
Joseph Ramos: OK, OK. Cool. Well, thanks for hanging in there with this.
Katrina Groves: Oh, no worries.
Joseph Ramos: There's it happens.
Katrina Groves: Be careful out there with virus stuff.
Joseph Ramos: Oh yeah, no doubt, yeah.
Katrina Groves: All right, I'll see you later.
See next. Alright, thanks.
Katrina Groves: You too.
Katrina Groves: Joey. Are you gone. I have another client. So you have to hang up.
Joey
Katrina Groves: I have another client. So you have to hang up.
Well done.
Katrina Groves: Okay, so that was
Katrina Groves: For Joey
Katrina Groves: About it was a bad recording at the end, but I think I got you on everything.
Katrina Groves: I know what I forgot. On the last client.
Katrina Groves: If I hope you're my same transcriber and on Nicholas Goddard, the patient before
Katrina Groves: I forgot to do my usual
Katrina Groves: Mental mental status exam or whatever it's called psychiatric impression, please put my usual for
Katrina Groves: Nicholas. He was alert and oriented normal concentration and attention span no evidence of any short or long term memory problems.
Katrina Groves: His mood and effect. He was
Katrina Groves: Attentive calm and in good spirits.
Katrina Groves: And
Katrina Groves: He was well groomed, or I would say casually ground normal body habitus speech normal rate wrong volume coherence thought content and process linear logical non tangential no auditory or visual hallucinations or delusions, no evidence of psychosis.
Katrina Groves: Self.
Katrina Groves: Reflection. Excellent.
Katrina Groves: Very good insight and judgment.
Katrina Groves: denies any suicidal ideation.
Katrina Groves: So that's all my usual and oh yeah and so back on.
Katrina Groves: That was Nick Goddard last time. So please do the same.
Katrina Groves: Joey, however, I would say his mood. He was distracted. He was in his car and he kept looking around and seeing things going on around him, but he would be able to focus again and
Katrina Groves: So on Joey his diagnoses are opioid dependence severe and our mission. I don't know if there's a I think if you've vapes that would be nicotine dependence.
Katrina Groves: With a vapor
Katrina Groves: And I wouldn't say moderate
Katrina Groves: I think that's f 17.29 but I may be wrong.
Katrina Groves: And also, asthma, which is moderate persistent
Katrina Groves: Let me know if you need more clarification on that.
Katrina Groves: Also for
Katrina Groves: Sure we
Katrina Groves: Maybe you guys have already
Katrina Groves: Sorry, we'll find out is Thomas you later. Okay, so I think I'm done with Joey pause for now.
Charlena Douglas: How are you
Katrina Groves: I'm good. Do you have any video or no.
Charlena Douglas: Yeah, I can see you face.
Katrina Groves: Okay, I like
I like
Katrina Groves: All I can see as your picture. Do you have a
Katrina Groves: Live on
Katrina Groves: That's okay. Don't
Katrina Groves: I don't know.
Charlena Douglas: Short video
Katrina Groves: Oh, there we go. It was
Charlena Douglas: Walked out I
Katrina Groves: Can you move away from the window so that I
Katrina Groves: Can eat better
Charlena Douglas: Maybe I could go on other accounts. Maybe there's a better
Katrina Groves: That's better.
Charlena Douglas: Okay.
Katrina Groves: Well, I'm sorry you had such a tough time but you figured it out.
Charlena Douglas: Kinda but I did figure it out. And actually, what's the people on the front. They actually kind of step me step for step two. It was kind of nice of them.
Katrina Groves: Good, yeah. Alright, so I may get a call because we're kind of 20 minutes late, I may have to get up and go in the middle but
Katrina Groves: Hang in there if you if I do have to leave for a minute. I'll be back with you.
Katrina Groves: Okay, so this is just a history and physical well history. Anyway, so I wanted to get your
Katrina Groves: Your history of when you started using you know as as far back as you can remember what what was the first age you started using substance.
Katrina Groves: And then what was it that you used
Next,
Katrina Groves: So you didn't mess around. You didn't start with pod or alcohol or anything yeah and and that's continuing right you're continuing to use. Yeah, yeah, that's hard one. Yeah. Do you think it's harder than the opioids.
Charlena Douglas: Now that's the same
Katrina Groves: So how old were you when you graduate. When you started using opioids, then
Charlena Douglas: Um, I didn't really start paying bills until after I broke my ankle.
Charlena Douglas: Did you tell him.
Katrina Groves: Okay.
Katrina Groves: And you found that you like those better same
Charlena Douglas: Yeah. Yeah. Better
Katrina Groves: And then where did you go from there.
Charlena Douglas: Um, I went, I'm never going to prescribe them and then when they wouldn't give us we have on the street and then that was wondering time I quit using a method for eight years. And when the film weren't working good left and I went back to you to mess.
Katrina Groves: So did you start with Viking in or Percocet, or
Charlena Douglas: I think they were Viking invites hundred and they put me on a verse
Charlena Douglas: And then they moved up like dens
Katrina Groves: And then did you graduate into any heroin use or
Charlena Douglas: No, I've never, never knew there would you pay bills.
Katrina Groves: Okay, and what about alcohol.
Charlena Douglas: For I didn't
Charlena Douglas: Drink for a long time. I got 14 years over from drinking, though.
Katrina Groves: Congratulations. Yeah, that's great.
Katrina Groves: So, smoking, you still smell great. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Yeah, and about how many packs a day.
Charlena Douglas: Started back today.
Katrina Groves: For how many years.
Charlena Douglas: And
Katrina Groves: Since you were how old
Charlena Douglas: What about same age 13 yeah
Katrina Groves: 13
Charlena Douglas: Yeah.
Katrina Groves: So, about the same time you started using man.
Katrina Groves: Okay, and you're living right now with
Charlena Douglas: My money and my kids.
Katrina Groves: Okay. And how many kids.
Too.
Katrina Groves: And what ages.
Charlena Douglas: 10 is the key.
Charlena Douglas: They are growing. I know.
Katrina Groves: And when did you decide to. Well, I guess I should ask, how many times did you try to quit.
Katrina Groves: Throughout the time like did you go to rehab.
Charlena Douglas: Did you try a bunch of habit. I always wanted to quit.
Katrina Groves: What why
Charlena Douglas: I don't know, because I knew this is what it looked like for my kids, you know, I don't know too much hectic hectic.
Katrina Groves: So you got into the Suboxone program. I think around. Gosh, I'm I think around April of
Katrina Groves: Is what I have, but that may not be right.
Charlena Douglas: That's right.
Katrina Groves: And then you almost had like two years, clean, but then you use math in April, almost to the day like
Charlena Douglas: Yep.
Katrina Groves: So,
Katrina Groves: How often are using math. Now is it daily. Is it every other day is that once a week. What would you say on average.
Charlena Douglas: once every two weeks, maybe
Charlena Douglas: That's better. Yeah, it's not even an everyday thing. Yeah. Gross.
Katrina Groves: Well, it is what it is.
Charlena Douglas: Zero. That's what my point is
Katrina Groves: And how do you think you're going to do that.
Charlena Douglas: Shane and my program and
Charlena Douglas: Wherever the people
Katrina Groves: Who do you have for support right now. Sure, Atlanta.
Charlena Douglas: And let's see, I've been hanging out with marches me marches for each other as a group and and i'm i'm
Charlena Douglas: Mike, Tiffany. She's coming back.
Charlena Douglas: Tracy, he makes four
Katrina Groves: Oh, good.
Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Okay. So, did you ever end up in the hospital Charlene like in an overdose situation or
Charlena Douglas: I did not. Okay.
Katrina Groves: Um, no. I know you've got asthma real bad. Right.
Katrina Groves: So let me go through your medications here real quick. I'm
Katrina Groves: The Oh gosh. Are you still taking I'll beat her all or what's your breather. Now that you've got
Charlena Douglas: Oh, I have viewed roles and machine and inhaler for my asthma.
Charlena Douglas: Okay. Um so yeah pity.
Charlena Douglas: And affects your and
Charlena Douglas: Mice Boston. I need it will go
Katrina Groves: Okay, so on the effects or is it still 150
Charlena Douglas: Milligrams
Katrina Groves: And Dr. cater is your primary and she's
Katrina Groves: Taking care of that. Yeah. And the. So are you on Zyprexa anymore for sleep.
Katrina Groves: Or know what happened with that.
Charlena Douglas: I don't know. Okay.
Katrina Groves: And you have the theater all nebulizer you said, and then
Katrina Groves: What you have an ellipse, or what what do you Advair. What's your long acting controller. Do you have one
Charlena Douglas: Advisor for his desk. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Advair okay
Katrina Groves: And then do you still have your implant on your, your
Katrina Groves: That's isn't that due to come out.
Charlena Douglas: I told Gary that
Katrina Groves: Y'all, you could have a baby, real easy because that things expired like
Charlena Douglas: Years ago, a year ago. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: I know that you get nervous. We had to like throw you in a room and
Katrina Groves: Make you do it.
Charlena Douglas: I know but
Katrina Groves: I'm make
Charlena Douglas: Very on Monday, or whenever the quizzes quarantine or whatever and get it out.
Katrina Groves: Well, and not just get it out. But Dr. Peter can actually take it out and put it right back in.
Charlena Douglas: It right back in, make huge disaster.
Katrina Groves: Yeah, that's perfect.
I don't
Katrina Groves: Know you might have to use condoms or something. Yeah, yeah.
Katrina Groves: And then the Neurontin dose. What are you taking
Charlena Douglas: Sexually the street 600 today. I want to know if you can give me, at least for me up to the hundreds. I'm a nervous wreck year
Katrina Groves: Oh, wow. Are you nervous wreck.
Charlena Douglas: Because everything that's going on like
Charlena Douglas: I'm scared to go outside one begins with my breathing. I don't want this disease to get my breathing.
Charlena Douglas: Right, I'm terrified dirt road they can't sleep. I'M A NERVOUS WRECK ABOUT IT.
Katrina Groves: Yeah, I wish you were in our group, last Monday, because I'm and maybe we'll talk about it again, but a lot of people are going through the virus thing and and you just have to self isolate what you're doing.
Katrina Groves: And try to realize that you've gone through recovery, which is a very out of control. Feeling and it's kind of similar to the virus, you feel
Charlena Douglas: Data control. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: So the best thing you can do is just keep isolating and if you have to go to the pharmacy. I don't know what the, you know, wear a mask or something and go when it's not.
Charlena Douglas: Exactly offered you deliver my message to me because I have to have your admin.
Katrina Groves: Oh, that's awesome.
Charlena Douglas: Good.
Katrina Groves: Good for them. Yeah, people in a small town, people sometimes, you know, get together and help
Katrina Groves: Each other. So that's really nice. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: So I'm not sure. The next one, sorry. The Neurontin is really going to help with anxiety. That's more for your pain right
Charlena Douglas: Right, right.
Katrina Groves: So have you tried something like Clonidine or remember the for the kick pack meds. We used to give quantity for anxiety.
Charlena Douglas: Yeah, that would be, I don't know.
Katrina Groves: Are you still seeing your psychiatrist.
Charlena Douglas: Telemedicine had one
Charlena Douglas: Okay, I'm actually, can you come back on the doctor.
Charlena Douglas: Thank you.
Katrina Groves: Was that the pharmacy.
Charlena Douglas: Know they want to come look at my m electrical my power is not working in my house deal right
Katrina Groves: Oh, I'm sorry.
Katrina Groves: Okay, um,
Katrina Groves: Let's see, where was I so you're not doing the telemedicine psychiatrists, just because they
Charlena Douglas: Can do that lady again.
Katrina Groves: Oh dear. Okay.
Charlena Douglas: she quit today than my point there.
Katrina Groves: Oh, lovely. I'm sure it was nothing to do with you.
Charlena Douglas: Know I oh
Katrina Groves: Alright, so any allergies that you have to medication.
Decoding
Charlena Douglas: Okay.
Katrina Groves: Alex, nausea, vomiting blackouts.
Charlena Douglas: Yep. OK.
And then
Katrina Groves: So,
Katrina Groves: What about family history is your mom's still living.
Katrina Groves: Yes, and does she have any medical problems like diabetes, high blood pressure, stroke.
Charlena Douglas: High blood pressure.
High blood pressure.
Katrina Groves: Has she had any substance use problems like alcohol or what other things math to
Charlena Douglas: Okay.
Charlena Douglas: Well, she wanted that people in your country.
Charlena Douglas: What actually interdiction
Katrina Groves: Oh, sorry.
Katrina Groves: How about your father. Is he still living.
Charlena Douglas: No, not as sort of a no no
Katrina Groves: So he was a strange at an early age.
Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Do you know if he had any medical problems.
Charlena Douglas: No, I know.
Katrina Groves: And do you have brothers or sisters
Charlena Douglas: No, I'm sister.
Katrina Groves: Oh, how is that going
Charlena Douglas: That really enjoyed that.
Katrina Groves: He will
Charlena Douglas: hate her guts.
Katrina Groves: You need you hate her guts.
Charlena Douglas: Oh my gosh.
Katrina Groves: What did she do to you.
Charlena Douglas: She took my kids for eight grand didn't on taxes and didn't even tell me about it.
Katrina Groves: Oh, I remember that. Now, okay, I
Charlena Douglas: Dropped on Thursday.
Katrina Groves: Does she have any medical problems that you know
Charlena Douglas: It has a heartbeat issue. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Hmm.
Katrina Groves: So how about you have you besides your asthma do have high blood pressure that you know
Charlena Douglas: I don't think so. My progression from perfect garish I'ma go the doctor.
Katrina Groves: Good know diabetes.
Charlena Douglas: Nope, not yet.
Katrina Groves: No thyroid problems.
Charlena Douglas: Oh my might have a thyroid problems you're looking to that level one right here. Next, my diary.
Katrina Groves: Oh, okay.
Katrina Groves: Um, any hospitalizations, where you ever hospitalized.
Charlena Douglas: For anything. No.
Katrina Groves: Not, not an overdose.
Katrina Groves: What about surgeries, like a tubal
Charlena Douglas: I had my left ankle thing.
Katrina Groves: Left ankle fracture. Okay, how about tonsils or
Charlena Douglas: Any other adults to remove
Okay.
Katrina Groves: Any other surgeries that you can think about
Katrina Groves: OKAY, UM, NO, SIR. OKAY. THAT WAS surgery.
Katrina Groves: Going through my list here. Any Miss miscarriages or abortions.
Katrina Groves: No. Okay.
Katrina Groves: And
Katrina Groves: So I'm just going to go through head to toe. Real quick, do you have this past week any Fevers or chills.
Know,
Katrina Groves: Any trouble with fatigue being tired all the time.
Charlena Douglas: Or yeah
Katrina Groves: How about urinating a lot or being thirsty. A lot. Those are signs of
Diabetes.
Charlena Douglas: No.
Katrina Groves: Okay. Do you feel like intolerance to the cold.
Charlena Douglas: No longer
Katrina Groves: Okay, any trouble with your vision, your eyes revision double vision now redness or pain.
Charlena Douglas: Yeah.
Katrina Groves: How about your ears. Do you have trouble hearing or pain or drainage.
No.
Katrina Groves: nose, mouth or throat problems know any sores on your mouth.
Katrina Groves: No trouble swallowing know. Tell me about your teeth. I know you've got tooth problems.
Charlena Douglas: And they're actually going to work on my bottoms. I have an appointment April 12 or something like that to get them sent off.
Katrina Groves: I pray that they don't cancel it. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: With all the virus stuff.
Charlena Douglas: Will know
Katrina Groves: But you don't have any infection right now.
Katrina Groves: No. Okay, that's a, that's a blessing.
Katrina Groves: Do you have trouble with swallowing pain or okay and any nosebleeds.
Charlena Douglas: You
Katrina Groves: And you said your neck. There was a lump. Can I, where is your neck lump.
Charlena Douglas: On front right diverted
Charlena Douglas: Uh huh. Right there. Yep.
Katrina Groves: Okay, now thyroid usually bit lower.
Charlena Douglas: Yeah, you don't hear mood right there. Oh, okay.
Katrina Groves: Well that's if it's moving. That's a good sign. It's probably nothing serious.
Oh, good.
Charlena Douglas: I'm glad.
Katrina Groves: Do you have any neck pain or stiffness, you know,
Katrina Groves: And I know you have respiratory problems you have shortness of breath, you have coughing, you have wheezing, like all the time. Yeah, that's tough.
Katrina Groves: What about chest pain or pressure. Do you feel
Charlena Douglas: Yesterday, I had no pressure because I was under severe anxiety attack. My heart was racing. I was just in it was severe, it's pretty bad.
Katrina Groves: How'd you get out of it.
Charlena Douglas: I wouldn't my room and lay down
Katrina Groves: Have you taken propranolol before like
Charlena Douglas: Know,
Charlena Douglas: What I'm willing to give it a shot. Because I've got a is it bad.
Katrina Groves: I know you do. Um, do you have an epi pen. Like, do you ever get like allergic to something like a bee that you have to say to yourself, okay.
Katrina Groves: So I'm, I bet. We've tried propranolol I've got your other computer chart up here with your other start me just see if you've been on it.
Katrina Groves: propranolol works really good for anxiety attacks. I think I gave it to you back in. Oh, used to be on it, Inderal in 2017
Katrina Groves: I don't know why it got stopped. But that might be something that better for your anxiety than Neurontin
Katrina Groves: Okay, because that's something
Charlena Douglas: Like in Iran, you know, a little bit of pain. So I don't want to be taken off that. No, no.
Katrina Groves: We're not taking you off the Neurontin
Katrina Groves: Okay, just adding what we do with ADD THE propranolol just when you have anxiety and you don't have to take the propranolol oh sorry work.
Charlena Douglas: Sorry, I'm we're sort of losing you anything. Calm down a little bit hard work.
Katrina Groves: Okay, and what pharmacy. Are you at
Safeway.
Katrina Groves: Okay. Oh, and tell me about your Suboxone and i know i just decreased you right because you hadn't been showing up to groups.
Katrina Groves: So I think I only gave you like eight eight.
Katrina Groves: So Tony wants to. I was on the phone with her and when we're trying to get you hooked up, she would like you to come to the clinic on Monday at like 930 quarter to 10 now.
Charlena Douglas: Right. No, I'm not going out when it's every Georgie. And I have this admin. Dr. Brody
Katrina Groves: That's true. So, can you check in with her on the
Katrina Groves: Phone.
Charlena Douglas: I do that Jordan few pitches at me this and I'm getting I'm getting pulled in different directions because it was during, during the week.
Charlena Douglas: I do my check in and she said, there's nothing going on, we get the quarantine and then I'm getting big data, and I'm not getting my medication because I didn't go your work, what
Katrina Groves: Oh, yeah.
Charlena Douglas: She's just not fair to me.
Katrina Groves: It makes you angry.
Charlena Douglas: Yes, very angry because it makes me feel like I'm not doing my part. And really, I am
Katrina Groves: So did bright heart send you a urine cup because they will send them to your house.
Charlena Douglas: She they did not. They sent me over with you and that's where I'm at right now.
Charlena Douglas: Okay, yeah.
Katrina Groves: So what we're gonna do is they're going to send you a urine cup at your home so that you can do it in the privacy. You don't have to go out
Charlena Douglas: Okay. When do I get that cup, do they tell me when they send it out before they send it out or you don't know
Katrina Groves: I don't know. I'm new to
Katrina Groves: This to what I'll do is reach out after this, you can always call the number that they gave you today and say, hey, send me out a urine test, they need one.
Katrina Groves: And then they'll send it to your home and I'll try to tell them that you need to get one, two,
Katrina Groves: And then don't open it up. It comes in a package you just when you get it, you call them and you say okay I got my urine test. Can you help me and they teach they show you how to go through it, how to
Katrina Groves: How to do
Katrina Groves: So there's going to be zoom. Now, Tony. Tony is going to do this on Mondays. So maybe at 10 o'clock on Monday. You try to get try to get up this phone and login with to Tony's group.
Charlena Douglas: Okay.
Katrina Groves: At least that way. And I'll tell her you can't come in because of the
Katrina Groves: Virus.
Charlena Douglas: Boy, when they're drunk, you told me one thing to the next thing. I'm in Georgia. Another it's not there.
Katrina Groves: Well, so you, you're right. I understand how you feel, with the virus everybody's kind of freaking out.
Charlena Douglas: So everything is
Charlena Douglas: Really every week.
Katrina Groves: Yeah, and she probably forgot, and she doesn't know she's not a medical doctor so she doesn't think about things like asthma or, you know, being people at high risk. So she's worried about you. The reason she gets upset is because she worries and she's wanting you to be off the math.
Charlena Douglas: I know I want to be off. Did you
Katrina Groves: I know, but we're gonna we're here to support you either way. And I think you just got to do both groups for a while, you know, do Tony's their online. Now, it might be kind of a mess on Monday, because we don't the clinic is trying to figure out how to do telemedicine.
Charlena Douglas: So that's interesting, and then
Katrina Groves: I think I would like to see you on Thursday the 26th.
Charlena Douglas: Are you open
Katrina Groves: Do you have a schedule.
Charlena Douglas: Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Are you working right now.
Charlena Douglas: Now I'm good right now.
Katrina Groves: Okay, so put down on a note for yourself right now so you don't forget
Katrina Groves: Thursday the 26th at 10 o'clock.
Charlena Douglas: Okay.
Charlena Douglas: My
Charlena Douglas: Producer Jade.
Charlena Douglas: Log into try logging right now.
Katrina Groves: Yeah, and login about 945
Charlena Douglas: Because there'll be a bunch of other people from
Katrina Groves: Group on there and if you get in early, then you'll be done.
Charlena Douglas: You can even check in a
Charlena Douglas: Little earlier than 930
Katrina Groves: For go for that.
Charlena Douglas: Okay, I wrote it down.
Katrina Groves: Thank you. All right, I would, I was at your heart. I'm not done yet. Um,
Katrina Groves: How about your skin any trouble with dry skin itching or moles that have
Charlena Douglas: Changed. No.
Katrina Groves: Okay, how about your stomach any abdominal pain, nausea, vomiting,
Charlena Douglas: Nope, constipation, no.
Katrina Groves: Okay, um, any you already said you're not having trouble with urination, but
Katrina Groves: Do have burning when you pee, no okay and know
Katrina Groves: What else. Oh, how about your, your muscles, your bones. You said you were having trouble with pain, what's hurting
Charlena Douglas: Oh, you know, my left ankle when it gets cold my actors have so much metal in my ankle, that when it gets cold. It starts hurting really bad.
Katrina Groves: And you take Tylenol or ibuprofen.
Charlena Douglas: Some time to take every person.
Katrina Groves: That helps. It's good.
Charlena Douglas: Yeah, I'm your stomach's okay
Katrina Groves: With that
Charlena Douglas: Yeah.
Katrina Groves: But you don't have any other
Katrina Groves: Muscle pain or
Katrina Groves: Cramps
Or weakness. Okay.
Katrina Groves: And no seizures Charlene. If you haven't ever had a seizure.
Charlena Douglas: No, no.
Katrina Groves: Any fainting episodes.
Katrina Groves: Dizziness numbness, tingling,
Katrina Groves: No tremor.
Katrina Groves: Shaky know and then we did talk about your mood that you do have. Do you think you have depression as well as anxiety.
Yes.
Katrina Groves: And then, oh that's right because you're taking the effects or do you think that the sadness is interfering with your function. Yeah, yeah. How's your sleep.
All
Katrina Groves: Right now it is because you're anxious. Right.
Charlena Douglas: Why did you vote. Always has been. I really don't sleep that much. I keep on an hour and awake and then I go back. I really don't volunteer deep sleep, I guess.
Katrina Groves: Yeah, that's crazy. I think at one time, I wanted to do a sleep study. I don't know if that's something you guys can
Charlena Douglas: Be that really yeah because it's pretty sure that's probably what I have
Katrina Groves: Yeah, if you have sleep apnea. It could be waking you up or you snoring.
Charlena Douglas: A lot. My kids can't believe it. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Well, yeah, so that that's something we can do. Once the restrictions are lifted and the virus.
Katrina Groves: Goes out of those community, but for now I know we had tried some other things for sleep right like
Their
Katrina Groves: Praises Satan or do you even know what it was that we
Charlena Douglas: Have no idea
Katrina Groves: The propranolol might even help you sleep. Okay, well, we'll work on that.
Katrina Groves: No easy bruising or bleeding.
Katrina Groves: Right and see what
Katrina Groves: Did your family history. So tell me you're pretty high stress right now. Um,
Katrina Groves: What makes things better for you. What, what do you what kind of coping skills do you have
Charlena Douglas: I should try to gather with my kids and relax with them, watching movie or something from them around might make it seem to subside, a little bit.
Charlena Douglas: Good making comfort of my kids I guess let them know that you know I love them and I know
Charlena Douglas: Deep breaths. I use a lot of D Russ.
Katrina Groves: Good. Are you doing any working still at the hotel or did you quit that job, a
Charlena Douglas: Little bit. But I don't know if I'm going to keep it.
Katrina Groves: Because well right now. You don't want to go out and a bunch of people
Charlena Douglas: And it's a little bit stressed for me right now. I don't know.
Katrina Groves: Yeah, you talked last time about you were trying to get you used last in the hotel with
Charlena Douglas: PR and there were. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: But you said you might have been moved to the front desk.
Charlena Douglas: Yeah, I met. Yeah, sure, that might make me. My only keep reading right now. I don't know.
Katrina Groves: Yeah. Do you have to work right now.
Charlena Douglas: No, I don't have to
Katrina Groves: Do you feel like the
Katrina Groves: The money situation is bad.
Right.
Katrina Groves: What other kind of jobs. Have you thought about
Charlena Douglas: Me. What about many goods. Only thing I know
Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Are you having any cravings. Now to us like
Charlena Douglas: No.
Katrina Groves: Not even yesterday and your full blown
Charlena Douglas: Method all yesterday. Not one bit.
Katrina Groves: Interesting. So when you're anxious, you don't crave them up.
Right.
Katrina Groves: What makes you crave the muffin.
Charlena Douglas: Maybe over having too much to do and not enough time to do it in or something like that. I see.
Charlena Douglas: So when you're already using the not make longer crave it to
Okay.
Katrina Groves: All right. Alright, we're getting close to being done here.
Katrina Groves: Now when does your prescription. I think I gave it to you until Monday. Right.
Katrina Groves: So what I will do
Katrina Groves: Is give you
Katrina Groves: A prescription. Oh gosh, that's gonna be hard 123 so I'll try and see you. I'll see you on Thursday afternoon and I'll give you enough medication to get until Thursday. Okay.
Charlena Douglas: All right.
Charlena Douglas: And you want me to start that writer. Oh.
Katrina Groves: Yeah, I'm going to call that into the pharmacy for you.
Charlena Douglas: Okay.
Katrina Groves: Probably the downside of it. Is it some people that makes them a little tired but you know for you to shut your brain off that might be a good thing.
Charlena Douglas: Really, am I
Katrina Groves: And you don't have to take it all the time. You can just take it when you're having anxiety attack.
Charlena Douglas: Okay.
Katrina Groves: And if one doesn't work. You try. You'll remember the pill. Once you get it because you are on it before. What if one doesn't work. You take a second one.
Katrina Groves: And then the Gabba Penton I see that Dr. Peter must have sent it to you on this 17 that's at the pharmacy 600 milligrams three a day.
Katrina Groves: But so you'll probably have to talk to her about if you want to increase that
Katrina Groves: And you can. I'm
Charlena Douglas: Thinking on the 17th of this month.
Katrina Groves: What it says
Katrina Groves: It says, yeah. Dr. Peter at 930 in the morning on Tuesday. She sent it over to the pharmacy.
Charlena Douglas: The pharmacy must have addiction. I think my last bottles of the 11th last month.
Katrina Groves: Yeah I would call them, ask, ask them to deliver your Gabba Penton because she just did it.
Charlena Douglas: Okay.
Katrina Groves: And that's good for mood swings.
Katrina Groves: Alright, so did you find a difference. Take I think I only gave you the Suboxone day give you to tap to a day.
Charlena Douglas: Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Do you feel better on three or did you find to
Charlena Douglas: Agree to de stress me out.
Katrina Groves: Okay, tell me how it feels.
Charlena Douglas: And I want you to take in that third one. I've been taking forever.
Charlena Douglas: Yeah, so whenever I take away to me. I just feel like it's not it. No, I'd like to add my three. I don't know. I've been on the three forever.
Katrina Groves: Understand it feels like a good comfort to you. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: And then, you know, for you have to come to groups and do what you're supposed to do them you know that
Katrina Groves: Alright, so I'll call in some propranolol I'll increase your Suboxone but I won't do that until tomorrow because I already. I'm not tomorrow, Monday.
Okay.
Katrina Groves: Because how are you going to get to the are they going to delivery or Suboxone to
A
Charlena Douglas: Okay, should we take versus saying that anybody that isn't safely pharmacist and they cant cannot use your iPhone to remember to do them.
Katrina Groves: That's awesome.
Katrina Groves: Alright, so what I marked down for you is that
Katrina Groves: Call bright heart and get a drug screen or they'll, they'll call you that way they'll send the P to your house. Check in with Tony on a phone at nine 945 on Monday and check in with me at 930 on Thursday, so you
Katrina Groves: Got
Katrina Groves: A BUSY DAY.
Katrina Groves: I hope your electricity gets on again.
Charlena Douglas: Thank you, Dr groves.
Katrina Groves: You're welcome. Good to see you.
Charlena Douglas: You too. Bye.
Bye bye.
Katrina Groves: See if we can figure out how to turn it off. I think
Katrina Groves: Okay.
Katrina Groves: Alright so Charlene.
Katrina Groves: Same info as the chief complaint of all the other ones.
Katrina Groves: Premier care providers, Dr. Michelle cater at opened our community health center her speeches very rapid or volume is loud.
Katrina Groves: Her effect and mood is anxious and they are angry at times dysphoria, but she had full expression of feelings.
Katrina Groves: Attention span was moderately
Katrina Groves: unfocused at times.
Katrina Groves: She had
Katrina Groves: Poor
Katrina Groves: Insight and self reflection and poor judgment.
Katrina Groves: Otherwise, the normal psych exam.
Katrina Groves: Increase her back up to Suboxone three strips three eight milligrams per day.
Katrina Groves: And
Katrina Groves: Also add propranolol
Katrina Groves: 20 milligrams at the onset of a panic attack and repeat as needed. I'll type that in the med list and send it off and you heard the rest of the plan.
Katrina Groves: So diagnosis would be opioid dependence severe in remission.
Katrina Groves: Let them better mean abuse.
Dependence or abuse.
Katrina Groves: Intermittent
Katrina Groves: Severe
Katrina Groves: Or stimulants. I guess that would be stimulants.
Katrina Groves: Oh, I see. I'm sorry, I'm looking at my cheat sheet. It looks like mild intermittent abuse is
Katrina Groves: Different than dependence. So let me go back and say that methamphetamine dependence severe
Katrina Groves: Stimulants so that's f 15.20 instead. Thanks also nicotine dependence severe cigarettes also asthma.
Katrina Groves: I already said that with
Katrina Groves: moderate, severe
Katrina Groves: She has chronic pain left ankle stuffs post fracture.
Katrina Groves: With metal hardware and neuropathy.
Katrina Groves: Next plan on in place that is expired and needs to be taken out.
Katrina Groves: The plan will be for her to visit her primary care provider to get this out when the
Katrina Groves: Virus.
Katrina Groves: When the covert restrictions are lifted. She has has severe anxiety generalized anxiety disorder that's chronic
Katrina Groves: And she needs to get a referral back to tell medicine, psychiatry. She also has a lump in her neck that she
Katrina Groves: Is going to is under work up with their primary care provider and she also has insomnia, which is chronic and severe and possible sleep apnea. She does need to
Katrina Groves: Follow up with their primary care provider to get a sleep study
Katrina Groves: And
Katrina Groves: That's it. Okay, I'm going to take a break and be back in
Katrina Groves: An hour to do my last one.